Lu Sanye, the head of the first family in Jiangcheng
Third Master Lu, why are you here?
Dad is this bad aunt
Bullying my mom
Hit my mom
And let's go down to the ground with mom to apologize
You are really capable
Not only hit my wife Lu Tingyue
And make him and the child kneel down and apologize to you
I'm sorry, Third Master Lu
I didn't know they were your children
how
Isn't it the wife and children of Lu Yuan?
Can you bully at will?
Yes, my Jiangcheng family
When did you fall into a place of three religions and nine streams?
It seems that it is time for your Chen family to rectify
Third Master Lu, this is my personal behavior
It has nothing to do with the Chen family
Don't you think it's too late to talk about personal behavior now?
You bitch
You gag his mouth for me
From today onwards
My Lu family will withdraw all cooperation with the Chen family
I will let the Chen family earn nothing in Jiangcheng
I, Lu Tingyue, do what I say
Drag him away from me
Hello Mrs. Lu
I work for you
This time you have to help me
Thank you for ending for my wife
But I, Lu Tingyue's woman, will protect you myself
I received the 100 million order from the Lu family.
And the price will be lower than that of the Chen family.
Mr. Lu
Ruyan is my junior sister
I should help her.
you
You don't need to give me such a discount.
I am Lu Tingyue's woman
I don't need any senior help.